EE 702: Assignment 1
Shape from Shading

Kalpesh Patil (130040019)

I've taken 5 different values lambda,source noise, radiance noise (total 125 combinations)
For each combination of these values depth is esimated using pq as well as fg parameters (total 250 images)
"allSphere(2d)" and "allSphere"(3d) contain 250 images each having all the combinations

"demoLambda" : images for varying lambda keeping rest of the parameters constants for 'pq' and 'fg'
"demoSrc" : images for varying noiseSrc keeping rest of the parameters constants for 'pq' and 'fg'
"demoRad" : images for varying noiseRad keeping rest of the parameters constants for 'pq' and 'fg'


Later, depth is also estimated for a custom input.

Observations:
1. Effect of lambda:
   Lambda determines regularization of the estimated function (sphere in our case). 
   We don't observe much difference in reconstruction for 'fg' parameter by varying lambda.
   But in case of 'pq' parameters, the reconstructions start deterioting as we reduce lambda.
   This happens because 'fg' parameters are bounded while 'pq' parameters are not bounded at 
   the boundary of the sphere.

2. Effect of source noise (additive gaussian noise):
   Noise was added to S0, then radiance was computed. But while reconstruction I used S0 itself.
   This caused error in reconstructions. The sphere was observed to be shifted more and more
   in the direction of noise as amount of noise was increased. This shift is observed to be more in 
   case of 'pq' than 'fg', because 'pq' parameter itself is very large. When it is multilplied by 
   noise, overall noise increases.

3. Effect of Radiance Noise (additive gaussian noise):
   Radiance was calculated normally. Then noise was added to the radiance. Esitmation was carried 
   out using this erroneous radiance. Increasing the amount of radiance noise increased the error
   in reconstruction. This error was less in case of 'fg' parameters than 'pq' parameters. The reason 
   being the same due to more amplification of noise in case of 'pq' than 'fg'.

 